Why are you talking to mom like that?
Ah, it's okay, it's okay.
My mom came to take care of our baby.
She even said she'd sleep in the kitchen.
Enough. Just clean up those eggs.
They smell and they're dirty.
And my dad is the VP of Seoul Group.
We have enough money to just hire someone.
We're just putting up with it for your mom's sake.
Honestly, I hate her looking after our baby.
I'm worried she might pass on some germs or something.
Why are you speaking so harshly?
Hey, listen to me carefully.
I sacrificed myself to marry you.
I married into your family.
If you don't like it, you and your mom can just leave.
Hey!
Oh, it's okay. Mom.
I have somewhere to go. I'll leave now.
Mom, you even sold your house
to help us get our own place.
Where are you going now?
No, Daeho. Chaerin just gave birth.
You shouldn't be yelling
at your wife who just had a baby.
After losing Yohan, I only have you now.
All I want is for you to be happy, Daeho.
That’s the only thing I ask for, okay?
Mom.